update release instructions (#133)
cylc/cylc-admin: docs/howto/create-a-release.md

**Note:** The release process has been substantially automated. For reference,
the old release process is documented at [create-a-release-old.md](create-a-release-old.md).

**Warning:** The release process is still in flux, these instructions will
drift from ground truth.

## Release Process

Here's a template for releasing all components:

> **Note:** It is not necessary to release *all* of the components to update
> *one* of the components.

```
R1 = """
    metomi-isodatetime => cylc-flow
    metomi-isodatetime => metomi-rose
    cylc-flow => cylc-uiserver
    cylc-flow => cylc-rose
    cylc-ui => cylc-uiserver
    metomi-rose => cylc-rose
"""
```

Prep:

* [ ] Test cylc-doc (run a test build, perform any required fixes)

PyPi:

* [ ] metomi-isodatetime
* [ ] cylc-flow
* [ ] cylc-ui
* [ ] cylc-uiserver (update the ui version before releasing)
* [ ] metomi-rose
* [ ] cylc-rose

Forge (check dependencies match):

* [ ] metomi-isodatetime
* [ ] cylc-flow
* [ ] cylc-ui
* [ ] cylc-uiserver
* [ ] metomi-rose
* [ ] cylc-rose

Misc (after the above has been completed):

* cylc-doc
  * [ ] bump instersphinx versions if required
  * [ ] review installation instructions

>   * [ ] deploy (run deploy action, can be re-deployed if necessary)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [ ] deploy (run the "deploy" workflow on GitHub Actions) (can be re-deployed later if necessary)
```

and check that you have something similar to:

```yaml
channels:
  - conda-forge
ssl_verify: true
anaconda_upload: false
```

Now create a Conda environment for your tests, e.g.: `conda create -n cylc1`,
and then activate it `conda activate cylc1`. Then to build and install
locally:

```bash
# Where $CONDA_FORGE_REPOSITORY could be, for example,
# cylc-uiserver-feedstock.
cd $CONDA_FORGE_REPOSITORY
# Your package should not be listed!
conda list
# This will take some minutes and print useful information.
conda build recipe/
# The following command will install the locally created package. Before
# installing it will ask you to confirm. Scroll up and search the
# package name. The right-side column must show a location like
# .../anaconda3/conda-bld/linux-64::cylc-uiserver-0.1-py37_1.
# This confirms you are installing the local build. Here $PACKAGE_NAME
# could be something like cylc-uiserver.
conda install --use-local $PACKAGE_NAME

> # If the last command fails, try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If the last command doesn't use the right build, try:
```

> conda install -c ${CONDA_PREFIX}/conda-bld/

Reviewer: Oops, just spotted, shouldn't this be
```diff
-conda install -c ${CONDA_PREFIX}/conda-bld/
+conda install -c ${CONDA_PREFIX}/conda-bld/ $PACKAGE_NAME
```
